(DOCSP-26906): Add note about unsupported Sync progress notifications to SDKs (#2388)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/includes/flex-sync-unsupported-progress-notifications.rst

.. note::

   Flexible Sync progress notifications are not yet fully supported. Downloads
   only report notifications after changes are integrated. Partition-Based Sync

>    provides ongoing notifications as changes progress.

Reviewer: would be good to mention that uploads work as expected for flex sync here

.. note::

>    Flexible Sync progress notifications are not yet fully supported. Downloads
>    only report notifications after changes are integrated. Partition-Based Sync
>    provides ongoing notifications as changes progress. Upload progress should
>    report regularly for both Sync Modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Flexible Sync progress notifications are not yet fully supported.
   When using Flexible Sync, downloads only report notifications after changes are integrated.
   Partition-Based Sync provides ongoing notifications as changes progress downloading. 
   Upload progress reports regularly for both Sync Modes.
```

added some clarification which i think is important, even if copy a little more verbose. what you think?

Author: Clarity seems important in this case. Taking it!

>    Upload progress reports regularly for both Sync Modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Uploads report ongoing progress notifications for both Sync Modes.
```

rephrased to not use word 'regularly', which i think you meant as 'in regular increments' but could be misconstrued to mean 'normally'.
